link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/CoryP4/pen/yLOodZM?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML that gives context to my markup.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        The structure of my website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute is data inside of the opening tag/element containing a name and value.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        This tag is for the primary header, there should only be one per web page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        "img" and "a href"
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        A header.
    7. What is an id? 
        An id identifies the element being worked with.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any of them.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        0 times.
    10. What is a class? 
        An attribute used for styling.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        All of them.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Use this:  target="_blank".
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        An alternate description of the image, used by screen-readers.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        For instance: #IDHERE if referencing an area on the same page.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        section is semantic and wraps a grouping of content, div is non-semantic.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Style and layout.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        example: 
        h2 {
            color: purple;
        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Use an ID to attribute a unique value to an element, a class is used for styling content/elements.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        example: .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p 
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        example: p a , These are useful when making specific changes to content in CSS.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar div a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: 2;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: 2px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: lowercase;   etc, etc,
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {
            border: 1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        ctrl + A
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* comment
        */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        $ rm filename  , you want to be careful doing this because there is no recycle bin, this removal/deletion is permanent.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        To better accomodate team project building, with less risk to the project code.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every 10-15 minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        $ git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 